Lego Arnold Schwarzenegger.
A keyboard made of water, the water is made of light, the light is turned off.
A green cup and a blue cell phone.
A red colored banana.
A sign that says 'Hello World'.
A black colored banana.
A separate seat for one person, typically with a back and four legs.
Two dogs on the street.
New York Skyline with 'Diffusion' written with fireworks on the sky.
An ancient Egyptian painting depicting an argument over whose turn it is to take out the trash.
A baby fennec sneezing onto a strawberry, detailed, macro, studio light, droplets, backlit ears.
A triangular purple flower pot. A purple flower pot in the shape of a triangle.
A small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout, and retractable claws. It is widely kept as a pet or for catching mice, and many breeds have been developed.
An orange colored sandwich.
A cat on the right of a tennis racket.
Bzaseball galove.
A sign that says 'NeurIPS'.
A black apple and a green backpack.
A black colored car.
Tcennis rpacket.
McDonalds Church.
Painting of Mona Lisa but the view is from behind of Mona Lisa.
A horse riding an astronaut.
A car playing soccer, digital art.
A large plant-eating domesticated mammal with solid hoofs and a flowing mane and tail, used for riding, racing, and to carry and pull loads.
Three dogs on the street.
A couple of glasses are sitting on a table.
A couch on the left of a chair.
A brown colored giraffe.
A pizza cooking an oven.
A church with stained glass windows depicting a hamburger and french fries.
A connection point by which firefighters can tap into a water supply.
35mm macro shot a kitten licking a baby duck, studio lighting.
New York Skyline with 'Text to Image' written with fireworks on the sky.
A bridge connecting Europe and North America on the Atlantic Ocean, bird's eye view.
A donut underneath a toilet.
A machine next to a parking space in a street, into which the driver puts money so as to be authorized to park the vehicle for a particular length of time.
An appliance or compartment which is artificially kept cool and used to store food and drink.
A cube made of denim. A cube with the texture of denim.
One dog on the street.
Photo of an athlete cat explaining it's latest scandal at a press conference to journalists.
A vehicle composed of two wheels held in a frame one behind the other, propelled by pedals and steered with handlebars attached to the front wheel.
A car on the left of a bus.
A mechanical or electrical device for measuring time.
Acersecomicke.
Greek statue of a man tripping over a cat.
Photo of a cat singing in a barbershop quartet.
A bicycle on top of a boat.
A giraffe underneath a microwave.
A white car and a red sheep.
A red colored dog.
A storefront with 'Deep Learning' written on it.
An instqrumemnt used for cutting cloth, paper, axdz othr thdin mteroial, consamistng of two blades lad one on tvopb of the other and fhastned in tle mixdqdjle so as to bllow them txo be pened and closed by thumb and fitngesr inserted tgrough rings on kthe end oc thei vatndlzes.
A bird scaring a scarecrow.
New York Skyline with 'NeurIPS' written with fireworks on the sky.
A tomato has been put on top of a pumpkin on a kitchen stool. There is a fork sticking into the pumpkin. The scene is viewed from above.
Rainbow coloured penguin.
A spider with a moustache bidding an equally gentlemanly grasshopper a good day during his walk to work.
A smafml vessef epropoeilled on watvewr by ors, sauls, or han engie.
A cube made of brick. A cube with the texture of brick.
Hyper-realistic photo of an abandoned industrial site during a storm.
A red book and a yellow vase.
A sheep to the right of a wine glass.
A machine resembling a human being and able to replicate certain human movements and functions automatically.
